Bunny Shopkeeper Touchy-Feely Adventurer Life

A game in which you get touchy-feely with a bunny item shop owner as an adventurer in a fantasy world!

The English version is a fan translation.
Details here: https://github.com/mochimochiyama/usa01-locale-mods

Talk to the bunny shopkeeper in her shop, grope her (Hey! She kinda invited!), and do lovey-dovey things with her in general.
Go on quests and buy adventurer-ish stuff, and find your moment of peace in between by talking to and touching the bun!
Estimated 2 hours of playtime with no major branching paths.

THE CHARACTERS

THE SHOPKEEPER!
A Bunnin who runs a teensy little item shop in a hidden alleyway on an island where adventurers gather.
Touch her non-human, furry bits! Then have sweet, deep-kissing bunny sex at the end.

THE ADVENTURER... YOU!
A rookie adventurer. Kinda dumb.

GROPING MECHANICS
Enjoy the intentionally choppy animation in the talky bits and the touchy bits.
Live2D or similar tools were not used in the production, so this could be a novel experience for you... maybe...? Play the demo and cop a feel for the art!

GAME LOOP

SHOP
Loiter around the item shop. Buy equipment and stuff here, then choose quests to go on! Two quests per day!
The shop will also change in appearance as you progress.
There is no time limit so slay monsters at your own pace!

GROPE
Touch the bun after you become friendly with the bun.
Touch EVEN MORE bun after you become friendlier.
You also get a magical sex-tistics screen.

TALK
Poke the bun and talk to her.
Go diplomacize as you grope her!

QUEST
Go on quests to farm monster drops and earn money.
Enjoy the simple but enticing dice combat! (Detailed explanation of the mechanics on Ci-en)

SPECIFICATIONS
[FULL GAME]
- Expected playtime: 2 hours.
- Basic scenes: 6 narrative groping scenes (Variations not included) + 2 sleepy bun groping scenes.
(Ejaculation in 4 out of the total 8 scenes.)
- Total word count: ~15,000.
- Autosave feature included.
- The game was developed using Godot Engine 4.6. Please download the demo to see if it runs properly before purchase.

[DEMO]
- Play until day 15 (Game should end around day 30).
- Demo version save is compatible with the full version game.

OTHERS
You can check the Japanese articles about the development on our Ci-en.
Feel free to leave comments on Ci-en if you have any questions, requests, or bugs to report!

https://ci-en.dlsite.com/creator/35270/article/1745339 (Contains spoilers)